# HOME-OFFICES IMAGE ORDER TEMPLATE
# Instructions:
# 1. Rearrange the filenames below in your desired order
# 2. Top filename = first image shown on website
# 3. Save this file
# 4. Run: node image-order-manager.js and choose option 4

# 1. Scandinavian Home Office
scandinavian-home-office-2.webp

# 2. Minimalist White Home Office
minimalist-white-home-office-2.webp

# 4. Clean Modern Home Office
clean-modern-home-office-2.webp

# 5. Clean Scandinavian Home Office
clean-scandinavian-home-office-1.webp

# 6. Clean Scandinavian Home Office
clean-scandinavian-home-office-2.webp

# 7. Contemporary Executive Home Office
contemporary-executive-home-office-5.webp

# 8. Cozy Professional Home Office
cozy-professional-home-office-1.webp

# 9. Farmhouse Home Office
farmhouse-home-office-1.webp

# 10. Farmhouse Home Office
farmhouse-home-office-2.webp

# 11. Home Office With Natural Wood
home-office-with-natural-wood-1.webp

# 12. Home Office With Natural Wood
home-office-with-natural-wood-2.webp

# 13. Minimalist White Home Office
minimalist-white-home-office-1.webp

# 14. Biophilic Home Office With Plants
biophilic-home-office-with-plants-1.webp

# 15. Minimalist White Home Office
minimalist-white-home-office-3.webp

# 16. Minimalist White Home Office
minimalist-white-home-office-4.webp

# 17. Modern Home Office With Plants
modern-home-office-with-plants-1.webp

# 18. Artistic Home Office With Standing Desk
artistic-home-office-with-standing-desk-1.webp

